On GitHub, navigate to your site's repository. Navigate to the publishing source for your site. For more information, see "Configuring a publishing source for your GitHub Pages site." Navigate to _config.yml. In the upper right corner of the file view, click to open the file editor. Note: Instead of editing and committing the file using the default file editor, you can optionally choose to use the github.dev code editor by clicking the dropdown menu next to and selecting Open in github.dev. Edit file button dropdown Add a new line to the file for the theme name. To use a supported theme, type theme: THEME-NAME, replacing THEME-NAME with the name of the theme as shown in the README of the theme's repository. For a list of supported themes, see "Supported themes" on the GitHub Pages site. To use any other Jekyll theme hosted on GitHub, type remote_theme: THEME-NAME, replacing THEME-NAME with the name of the theme as shown in the README of the theme's repository. At the bottom of the page, type a short, meaningful commit message that describes the change you made to the file. You can attribute the commit to more than one author in the commit message. For more information, see "Creating a commit with multiple co-authors." If you have more than one email address associated with your account on GitHub.com, click the email address drop-down menu and select the email address to use as the Git author email address. Only verified email addresses appear in this drop-down menu. If you enabled email address privacy, then @users.noreply.github.com is the default commit author email address. For more information, see "Setting your commit email address." Below the commit message fields, decide whether to add your commit to the current branch or to a new branch. If your current branch is the default branch, you should choose to create a new branch for your commit and then create a pull request. For more information, see "Creating a new pull request." Commit branch options Propose file change button
